Added information about deleting Deployments (#328)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/v0.23/04_deploy/02_configure-deployment.md

Environment Variables can be set for your Airflow Deployment either in the **Variables** tab of the Astronomer UI or in your `Dockerfile`. If you're developing locally, they can also be added to a local `.env` file. For more information on configuring Environment Variables, read [Environment Variables on Astronomer](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/deploy/environment-variables/).

> **Note**: Environment Variables are distinct from [Airflow Variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/variable.html?highlight=variables) and [XComs](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts.html?highlight=xcom#concepts-xcom), which you can configure directly via the Airflow UI and are used for inter-task communication.

## Delete a Deployment

You can delete an Airflow Deployment using the **Delete Deployment** button at the bottom of the Deployment's **Settings** tab.

> When you delete a Deployment, your Airflow Webserver, Scheduler, metadata database, and deploy history will be deleted, and you will lose any configurations set in the Airflow UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you delete a Deployment, your Airflow Webserver, Scheduler, metadata database, and deploy history will be deleted, and you will lose any configurations set in the Airflow UI. In your Astronomer database, the corresponding `Deployment` record will be given a `deletedAt` value and continue to persist until permanently deleted.
```

> > Note: If you give a Deployment a custom release name and delete the Deployment, that custom release name cannot normally be reused with any future Deployments. If you need to reuse a custom release name after deleting its respective Deployment, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/resources/support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If you give a Deployment a custom release name, that custom release name cannot be reused to create another Airflow Deployment, including one in another Workspace. To reuse a custom release name that was previously given to an Airflow Deployment that has since been deleted via the Astronomer UI or CLI, you'll need to permanently delete both the deployment entry from the Astronomer Houston database as well as the Deployment's metadata database. For guidance, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/resources/support).
```

Environment Variables can be set for your Airflow Deployment either in the **Variables** tab of the Astronomer UI or in your `Dockerfile`. If you're developing locally, they can also be added to a local `.env` file. For more information on configuring Environment Variables, read [Environment Variables on Astronomer](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/deploy/environment-variables/).

> **Note**: Environment Variables are distinct from [Airflow Variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/variable.html?highlight=variables) and [XComs](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts.html?highlight=xcom#concepts-xcom), which you can configure directly via the Airflow UI and are used for inter-task communication.

## Customize Release Names

> To specify custom release names for Deployments, you first need to enable the feature on your Astronomer platform. To do so, set the following value in your `config.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Airflow Deployment's release name on Astronomer is a unique, immutable identifier for that Deployment that corresponds to its Kubernetes namespace and that renders in Grafana, Kibana, and other platform-level monitoring tools. If not customized, release names are randomly generated and adopt the following format: `noun-noun-<4-digit-number>`. For example, `elementary-zenith-7243`.

To customize the release name for a Deployment as you're creating it, you first need to enable the feature on your Astronomer platform. To do so, set the following value in your `config.yaml` file:
```

astronomer:
  houston:
    config:
      deployments:
        manualReleaseNames: true # Allows you to set your release names
```

Then, push the updated `config.yaml` file to your installation as described in [Apply a Config Change](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config).

After applying this change, the **Release Name** field in the Astronomer UI becomes configurable:

![Custom Release Name Field](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/docs/astronomer-ui/custom-release-name.png)

## Delete a Deployment

You can delete an Airflow Deployment using the **Delete Deployment** button at the bottom of the Deployment's **Settings** tab.

When you delete a Deployment, your Airflow Webserver, Scheduler, metadata database, and deploy history will be deleted, and you will lose any configurations set in the Airflow UI.

In your Astronomer database, the corresponding `Deployment` record will be given a `deletedAt` value and continue to persist until permanently deleted.

> Note: If you give a Deployment a custom release name, that custom release name cannot be reused to create another Airflow Deployment, including one in another Workspace.
>

> > To reuse a custom release name that was previously given to a Deployment that has since been deleted via the Astronomer UI or CLI, you need to permanently delete its entry in both your Astronomer database and the Deployment's metadata database. For guidance, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/resources/support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To reuse a custom release name that was previously given to a Deployment that has since been deleted via the Astronomer UI or CLI, you need to permanently delete its metadata database and the Deployment entry in your Astronomer database. For guidance, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/resources/support).
```

It's not quite "its entry in the Deployment's metadata database" since the whole DB needs to be deleted - the entry is just in the Astro database. Does this wording make more sense?

Author: Got it, reworded slightly so that the Deployment is the subject here.
